Next, Joe must investigate the situation with the gloves.
Was there a decrease in the use of gloves?
Would the levels need to be decreased to reflect this?
Can the overstocked items be excessed
if they will not be used?
Are areas pending a delivery of the gloves
and have not received them?
In this example, Joe has checked all of the above
and has verified that there was a decrease
in the amount of gloves used
due to a clinic being closed over the weekend.
As a result, it created a temporary surplus of the supplies.
After further investigation,
checking the usage demand,
Joe has found that the gloves will be used very quickly,
and he has decided not to excess.